It's more serious than me
Long Shuai will die in battle from today
The living is an ordinary person Liao Fan
Do you understand?
Su Qing, a traitorous remnant, never leaked secrets before
dragon
Mr. Bah Liao
This is all the information about Gao Xiaoyun.
Please take a look
Gao Xiaoyun, President of Aolong Group
I see.
Mr. Gao, it's time to interview the bodyguard
Then let all the interviewers in.
I'm going to pick the best one
Come on in.
Why are you alone?
Anybody else?
Ah, everyone else was taken to the hospital
I'm the only one here for the interview.
You actually got into a fight at the Australian Dragon Group, no
Not really.
I knocked them all out in one move
So don't worry about riots at all
Blow you
You were the only one who knocked down 40 test takers
Do you think you are Huaxia Long Shuai?
This interviewer
Your cow is blowing too big
There is simply no one in this world
Can take down 40 people in one move
Even Long Shuai can't do it
You lost the election, get out and tell me
The hospital suddenly sent 40 medical compensation
Although the number is not large
But this is weird.
Can you prove it now?
What do you want?
Wrangler program?
You're being watched.
Really
I have never seen such a program before
Tell me, how much monthly salary do you want?
Uh whatever
Just give me some. I don't care about the money.
Are you kidding me?
Don't move! What are you doing?